great welcome to the simple Cooking
Channel today I'm going to show you my
recipe for crumbed calamari rings
[Music]
right for the crumb mix I use half a cup
of breadcrumbs a quarter of a cup of
corn flake crumbs you can buy it in a
packet already made or you can just get
some corn flakes and crush them you know
a sealed plastic bag and a quarter of a
cup of Parmesan cheese and just mix it
all together so you get your calamari
and you just dip it straight in the
flour now what I do with my calamari
first and it's optional is I just let it
sit in some sweet chili sauce for about
half an hour just to give it a little
kick and straighten you know strating
the crumb mix
just set it aside on a plate and just
repeat that process over with calamari
rings they're ready to go so let's start
cooking so what we do is put the heat on
low to low medium and put in some butter
margarine or some oil whatever it is
that you usually use right now we'll
just chuck in the calamari going young
now calamari doesn't take long to cook
at all really just three or four minutes
so basically after about two minutes or
so
turn them over all right those are don't
turn the heat off just let them sit
there for 30 seconds or so well I hope
you enjoyed my recipe for crammed
calamari Cheers
that's really good I'll see you next
time my next meal
[Music]